DOC-7123 APM sweep (#3783)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/agents/php-agent/installation/update-php-agent.mdx

  - Agents
  - PHP agent
  - Installation

> metaDescription: 'How to update your APM PHP agent, and notes on EOL support for early agent versions.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
metaDescription: How to update your APM PHP agent, and notes on EOL support for early agent versions.
```
